Eddie edited it.
Sheena leads, Sheila needs.
Toy boat. Toy boat. Toy boat. (Keep repeating)
He threw three free throws.
Smelly shoes and socks shock sisters.
A shapeless sash sags slowly.
Tie twine to three tree twigs.
Kitty caught the kitten in the kitchen.
Linda-Lou Lambert loves lemon lollipop lip gloss.
Eleven benevolent elephants.
I wish to wash my Irish wristwatch.
Pick six beaks, seek big peaks.
Betty loves the velvet vest best.
Ten tall trees.
Blue blob, black blob.
Quaint quails quietly quiver and quake.
Four furious friends fought for the phone.
Near an ear, a nearer ear, a nearly eerie ear.
Thirty-three thousand feathers on a thrush's throat.
Selfish shellfish.
Roberta ran rings around the Roman ruins.
If a dog chews shoes, whose shoes does he choose?
A happy hippo hopped and hiccupped.
Top chopstick shops stock top chopsticks.
How many yaks could a yak pack pack if a yak pack could pack yaks?
Billy Bob blabbered boldly.
The great Greek grape growers grow great Greek grapes.
Snap, crackle, pop.
A big black bug bit a big black bear.
How can a clam cram in a clean cream can?
No need to light a night-light on a light night like tonight.
Mr. See owned a saw, and Mr. Soar owned a seesaw. Now, See’s saw sawed Soar’s seesaw before Soar saw See, which made Soar sore. Had Soar seen See’s saw before See sawed Soar’s seesaw, See’s saw would not have sawed Soar’s seesaw.
To sit in solemn silence in a dull, dark dock, in a pestilential prison, with a life-long lock, awaiting the sensation of a short, sharp shock, from a cheap and chippy chopper on a big black block!
A tree-toad loved a she-toad who lived up in a tree. He was a two-toed tree-toad, but a three-toed toad was she. The two-toed tree-toad tried to win the three-toed she-toad’s heart, for the two-toed tree-toad loved the ground that the three-toed tree-toad trod.
One-one was a racehorse. Two-two was one, too. One-one won one race. Two-two won one, too.
Luke's duck likes lakes. Luke Luck licks lakes. Luke's duck licks lakes. Duck takes licks in lakes Luke Luck likes.
Of all the felt I ever felt, I never felt a piece of felt which felt as fine as that felt felt, when first I felt that felt hat’s felt.
Peter Piper picked a peck of pickled peppers. A peck of pickled peppers Peter Piper picked. If Peter Piper picked a peck of pickled peppers, where’s the peck of pickled peppers Peter Piper picked?
Silly Sally swiftly shooed seven silly sheep. The seven silly sheep Silly Sally shooed shilly-shallied south. These sheep shouldn’t sleep in a shack; sheep should sleep in a shed.
I’m a mother pheasant plucker, I pluck mother pheasants. I’m the most pleasant mother pheasant plucker to ever pluck a mother pheasant. I’m not the pheasant plucker, I’m the pheasant plucker’s wife; I’ve been plucking mother pheasants my whole pheasant plucking life. I’m not the pheasant plucker, I’m the pheasant plucker’s mate; I’m only plucking pheasants ’cause the pheasant plucker’s late.
When a doctor doctors a doctor, does the doctor doing the doctoring doctor as the doctor being doctored wants to be doctored or does the doctor doing the doctoring doctor as he wants to doctor?